THE WORLD IS CHANGING. WHAT WILL YOU MAKE OF IT?

tuition covered for MPP students. MPP.

Shivonne Logan, MPP ’26. A 2-year, fully funded, multidisciplinary training at the intersection of theory and practice that expands your thinking and strengthens your leadership. “Jackson’s commitment to funding tuition shows the values of the program. It has not only allowed me to pursue meaningful work, but also to learn from peers who are the best in their fields, regardless of their background.”. MAS.

A 1-year, fully flexible, GRE-optional training for mid-career professionals in fields relevant to global affairs. 100% of Jackson cohorts with under 50 students.

18<supaverage class size</sup. 2:1 student teacher ratio. of graduates in nonprofit, government, or public sector. 66%. JAcksoN JourNeys. Leaders face complex challenges. Bomi Okuyiga, MPP ’23. PRE-JACKSON: UK Civil ServiCe, ECONOmiSt “I didn’t want a school with classes in the hundreds. The small seminars at Jackson were great practice for building networks and making decisions as a team.”. Elen Aghekyan, MA ’22 PRE-JACKSON: FreeDom hoUSe, RESEARCh ANAlySt. “I came to Jackson to figure out how to shift from being a problem finder to being a problem solver.”.

PRE-JACKSON: iDinSight, SENiOR ASSOCiAtE fOR AfRiCA ANd SOuth ASiA. “A constant challenge I encountered in my work before Jackson was how to connect good development ideas to real, economy-scale capital.”.

PRE-JACKSON: Un Development program (UnDp), RESEARChER. “I wanted a multidisciplinary perspective and to avoid siloed answers.”.

“Even though I don’t do economic or statistical analysis as part of my job, the core curriculum helps me to better understand the context of other perspectives.”.

“You are not born a policy leader. The Yale Jackson education and faculty give me the confidence to take charge in meetings and eventually lead conversations with senior policymakers.”.

Alden Young, Associate Professor of History and Global Affairs. “What makes Yale Jackson distinctive is its balance of rigorous academic training and real-world engagement. Students gain access to practitioners and policymakers, but they also have the space to step back and think deeply about their longer-term goals. It’s not only about the next career step, but also about preparing to lead- five, ten, or twenty years into the future — across government, NGOs, or the private sector.”.

East Rock Summit 4.2km / 1 hour’s walk. Housing average for students: ~$1350/month rent plus in-unit laundry, gym, off-street parking, and a backyard for your dog. Wag more! 1.5km / 15 mins walk. A dAy iN thE lifE Of Hagan Han MPP ’26. 9:00 am Wake up. 9:30-11:00 am Head to Marx Social Science Library to get some work done. 11:00 am-12:00 pm Meeting of DESC (Development, Environment, Society, and Climate) to plan trip to the Millstone nuclear power plant in Connecticut. The goal is to better understand nuclear infrastructure and understand policy ramifications. 12:00-1:00 pm Grab lunch with friends. I’m a big fan of the food trucks that are down the block from Jackson buildings. Marx Social Science Library. School of the Environment. School.

of Management. Horchow Hall. 56 Hillhouse. JACKSON SCHOOL. Sachem Street. Steinbach. Hall. 46 Hillhouse.

My current favorite Jackson class is the History and Global Affairs course. Professor Laura Robson teaches it, and I leave each lecture with a new perspective on international concepts like multilateralism, selfdetermination, and humanitarianism. Learning how nation states have historically leveraged these ideas to advance their own interests gave me a more critical eye towards how they’re used today.

DESC-organized a panel with climate leaders including Jackson Senior Fellow Susan Biniaz, former climate negotiator for the US State Department, to discuss the recent COP30 Climate Change Conference in Brazil.

Sitar Indian restaurant with a smaller group after the panel to have a more intimate discussion. 8:00 pm Spontaneous get-together with fellow students in the Jackson lounge to let off steam before finals start. Schwarzman Center, the heart of Yale student life with music, food, and drinks 0.6 km / 8 mins walk. World-class art, music, and theater integrated with Yale University Art Gallery, Yale Rep, Peabody, and more 1.3km / 20 mins walk. Pizza Capital of the US. 2km / 30 mins walk. Lighthouse Point & beach 6 miles. Union Station 2 miles.

They are shaped by small teams and guided by individuals who can work across industries, cultures, and perspectives. Yale Jackson prepares leaders to navigate these challenges wherever they arise— in government agencies, international organizations, nonprofit and for-profit companies. JAcksoN JourNeys. Small size leadership training.

2023-25. <!-- Start of picture text -- Multilateral<brFor-profit Government & Nonprofit<br23%<brCivilian<br4%<brPolitical 8%<brRisk Military<br6%<brHealthcare<brPolicy<br12%<brEconomic<br7% Development<brConsulting<br10% 9%<brFinance Environment<bror Ag<br10% 8%<brTechnology Humanitarian<bror AI Policy Response<brNot included:<br3% of graduates went<bron to further study<br<!-- End of picture text --. YOU LEAVE READY TO LEAD.

“Through a policy course, I created a Monitoring & Evaluation plan for an organization in Kenya, which they used to raise funding for a new initiative. It’s the kind of small-size practicum experience Jackson offered across many classes.”.

“Jackson gave me the freedom to chase after every interesting question.”.

“Courses such as Catalyzing Private Sector Investment in Sub-Saharan Africa , taught by Joyce-Ann Wainana, and Development Finance Beyond Aid, with Alix Peterson Zwane, clarified for me how I could help mobilize resources at the intersection of the public and private sectors.”.

“The flexibility to take courses in other schools opened doors for me, and learning from practitioners clarified what I wanted to pursue.”.

THE NEARLY 200K YALE ALUMNI LIVE AND WORK IN OVER 84 COUNTRIES. Kristrún Frostadóttir, MA ’16 PRImE mINISTER OF ICELANd. Agni Mishra, MA ’18 SENIOR POLICY AdvISOR, government oF ontario, CANAdA. “It was always my hope to be in public service. My experience at Jackson strengthened that by growing my international network and giving me the support of faculty and mentors.”. “Whether via social media or through personal interactions, I have continued to engage my fellow cohort as well as alumni whenever I have had the opportunity.”. Will Slotznick, MPP/MBA ’24 ASSOCIATE dIRECTOR, OFFICE OF ENERGY, US international Development FinanCe Corporation “The atmosphere at Jackson is so service-driven, impact-driven, critical, in how people thought about the challenges of the world. That helped me see a.

broader spectrum of opportunities where I could take my interest in impact and development finance.”. Elen Aghekyan, MA ’22. POLICY LEAd, trUSt & SaFety at google “A fellow Jackson student who had worked at Google connected me with this role.”. Rheanne Wirkkala, MA ’11 CO-FOUNdER OF CLARION STRATEGIES, FORmER U.S. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF dEFENSE FOR LEGISLATIvE AFFAIRS “What makes Yale special is its commitment to public service, and the space it creates, outside the Washington bubble, to focus deeply on academics as the foundation of a future career.”. Maria Rodriguez-Dominguez, MA ’17. CONGRESSIONAL OFFICER AT the embaSSy oF mexiCo to the UniteD StateS. Rory Stewart. JACKSON PROFESSOR OF THE PRACTICE OF GRANd STRATEGY POdCASTER, FORmER mEmbER OF PARLIAmENT ANd HEAd OF DFiD, THE UK INTERNATIONAL.

dEvELOPmENT mINISTRY. “I was really looking for a program where I could meet and learn from policy practitioners, because I already had work experience. I was also able to tailor my coursework based on my interests and needs, taking classes across the university.”. I’ve never seen students at a public policy school with such a combination of on-the-ground experience, ethical commitment, and intellectual curiosity. They are a pleasure to teach, and I’m always so proud to recommend them to employers because of their extraordinary combination of grit, thoughtfulness, determination, and idealism.”. Didace Irafasha, MPP ’25. COUNTRY ECONOmIST, international growth Centre, RwANdA. Beth Goldberg, MA/MBA ’18 HEAd OF RESEARCH & dEvELOPmENT AT JigSaw, A GOOGLE UNIT THAT ExPLORES THREATS TO OPEN SOCIETIES “As a Senior Fellow,.

I find my greatest joy in mentoring students as they transition from the classroom to becoming my colleagues in the tech industry, civil society, and governments around the world.”. “I got my current job through Professor Lauren Bergquist. This position is a fantastic opportunity to come back to my home country, contribute to policy, and make a difference.”. Maria Machado, Jackson World Fellow ’09 2025 nobel peaCe prize. “Being at Yale made me realize what I truly wanted — to enter public service — because I had the chance to analyze my country from a different perspective.”. Harry Thomas Jackson Senior Fellow US AmbASSAdOR TO ZImbAbwE, PHILIPPINES, ANd bANGLAdESH. Shobhit Kumar, MA ’20 U.S. FOREIGN SERvICE OFFICER IN vIETNAm, KENYA, CHINA. “On one hand, you.

have the vast resources of Yale — funding is always available for research and internships and outstanding faculty members are always available for mentorship. On the other hand, Jackson retains the spirit of an intimate school that cares about its students.”. “At Jackson, I value collaborating with a diverse community of future policy leaders and scholars committed to addressing global challenges. I have enjoyed engaging with and connecting students and alumni to internships and fellowships.”. Koichiro Kawaguchi, MA ’13 PRINCIPAL dEPUTY dIRECTOR, JAPAN-U.S. SECURITY TREATY dIvISION, miniStry oF Foreign aFFairS, JAPAN “At the Japanese Foreign Ministry, we also have a strong network of Jackson alumni. I seek mentorship from those who are senior to me, and I offer advice to those who are more junior.

I always enjoy staying connected with and learning from them.”. Viola Fur, MPP ’23 “When I moved to Uzbekistan, I set up coffee chats with Yale alumni here, which resulted in friendships and professional contacts.”. Bomi Okuyiga, MPP ’23. SENIOR PROGRAmmE mANAGER, international Development reSearCh Centre, new Delhi, inDia. “Through an alumni event, I met others working in AI and made new networks which are central to my role.”. Dira Tiarasari Fabrian, MA ’16 COUNSELLOR AT the permanent miSSion oF inDoneSia ANd OTHER INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS IN vIENNA. Eddy Oketch., MA ’16 SENATOR REPRESENTING mIGORI COUNTY,. KENYA. “On my first day on campus I saw George W. Pierson’s quote, ‘Yale is at once a tradition, a company of scholars, a society of friends.’ I can attest.

those words to be true based on my experience on campus, and they continue to be accurate whenever, wherever I meet fellow Yalies.”. “Senior Fellows teach you from a practical point of view, not from the context of textbooks and academic engagement. That practical measure of teaching changed my way of thinking about solutions in the world immensely.”. Lawule Shumane, MA ’17 OFFICE OF THE dIRECTOR OF. the gateS FoUnDation’S AFRICA OFFICE “As a graduate researcher conducting fieldwork, I realized that to truly make an impact I would need to broaden my expertise. At Jackson, I was excited about the curriculum, first and foremost, and the ability to take courses across Yale.”. Anirudh Krishnan, MA ’21 dIRECTOR, REGULATEd mARKETS,. ConServation international. “My first semester at.

Yale was my climate bootcamp. Without this, I would have struggled to comprehend how earth sciences, energy systems, nature, society, and economics intersect to form the science and practice of addressing the climate crisis.”.

you. Academic Career Preparation Impacts. What are we looking for? Community Engagement.

Early January Application deadline Mid-March Decision release August Classes begin. Apply. eveNts. News.

Every MPP student receives a full tuition scholarship. mailing address PO Box 208359, New Haven, Connecticut 06520-8359 campus address 55 Hillhouse Avenue, New Haven, Connecticut 06511. phone 203.432.6253 | fax 203.432.9886 website jackson.yale.edu | email jackson.school@yale.edu. school/yalejacksonschool yalejacksonschool yalejacksonschool @yalejacksonsch.